[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
do
oh
[Music]
i put myself out there i put myself out
there and was open to love
no you put out before prom and got
played she's kind of right you were kind
of the fastest
me and my girlfriends used to sit around
and plot our lives
so much has changed for the good or bad
depends on who you ask
why are you here i'm here because she's
my friend
talk to me i'm miserable i keep telling
myself
it'll get better
people that od are not fine tyra i am
not a chunky
we can lean on one another
until we're lifted up die in my
circumstances and neither are you
what is it that you want your dreams
your desires
i've put family before my dream
[Music]
i want both
how do you forgive someone how do you
stop being so angry
[Music]
i'm so frustrated that she had to see me
like this
life is not black and white everything
is a whole lot of gray
one day you are going to have to take a
leap and trust that somebody is willing
to catch you
[Music]
must be some like next level
hi paxton we heard london's in total
lockdown we are all locked in this
psychological prison of burning
aloneness
how's linda she's somewhere in the house
is there some type of issue
we are fine
not only is everything not okay nothing
is okay
linda said she was planning to end our
thing nobody wants to live alone
for two weeks we are locked together
here you know you think i'm so happy
and normal i i'd never accuse you of
being happy and normal because i'm not
shaking i've been furloughed now there
is literally zero purpose to my life i'm
going to get provisions we need
milk bread
[Music]
how many houses have you got piss off
the nice people that i fired they were
fired because of me it's not about the
virus it's about
who i am and what i do for a living you
fired them well
thank you is that a glass of wine yes
yeah it is
we have a situation for example all the
major department stores are closing
they want everything in the next four
days we have a problem at harrods we
have four million dollars worth of
jewelry
someone's gonna have to pack the
valuables up i believe you are a man who
can be trusted yeah i
am yeah i can be trusted
it's gonna have to be something that we
trust so that means inevitably is gonna
be me
it's a new dog what are you taking out
of harris a diamond
it's a new day since lockdown i'm
looking back at myself like that was
dead and this is now yeah
the bastards who told me to fire those
people they're bad for me when i are
good
good is better than battle you're
talking about stealing a diamond
three million pounds live wild or die
linda
and i'm feeling
carrots is the most glamorous store in
the world
i know all the security guards i know
the security systems
i just need to get the gentleman's name
his name
edgar allen poe edgar allan poe wow
what can go wrong lock down one last
ride
i'll load the world in heaven oh my god
forgive us the sin of deception
a month ago we'd be doing this not me
and i'm feeling good
i called him and i said good morning mr
escher i just wanted to let you know
what a brilliant artist i think you are
and that's all i wanted to say
but then he said i'm not an artist i'm a
mathematician
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
oh my god
how does he do it
[Music]
every time i went to bed i had madame on
the right and this year on the left
austin remembrance category of the
market
[Music]
a diplomatic now nowhere
he lets himself go a free spirit in fact
i completely completely relate to the
obsession
you've got one shot that is so
fantastic
i really don't get this it's deeply
emotional health
i'm going to launch the raid on
rembrandt
in the country
it's a constant challenge being able to
hold and
carry rembrandt held and carried this
[Music]
trust me allah
absolutely
[Music]
ready for tonight i'm as ready as a
person can be
after the fight we're all coming back
here for the champs of victory paulie
don't be late minister malcolm x good
news the chariot is coming
you know what no greatest that's right
jim brown takes the ball your record is
going to stand the test of time
how's everybody feeling tonight we're
all together yeah
new heavyweight champion of the world
say champ he don't suppose you could
sign an autograph yeah of course man
give him an autograph jim actually mr
cook
oh sure thing brother
don't you think it's about time to party
tonight it's a chance for us to reflect
hey you mean no one else is coming
well this is off to a hopping start
you all are a bright and shining future
you need to understand what is at stake
here
everything's not so black and white like
you make it out to be but we are
fighting for our lives
you know i know what's going on out
there right
listen listen
brothers and sisters listen
listen listen miami i swear we'll never
find a way
where we're going
[Music]
ourselves
without having to answer to anybody
we have to be there for each other
brothers could move mountains without
lifting a finger
sir look at the captain leo
you must have really messed up if they
sent you to leo
do you know why you're here because i
broke chain of command
harp he's not like us
you're up your commanding officer and
i'm gonna give you 60 seconds to deal
with it
yes sir
cool
what are you ai i'm gumps ai i'm a
prototype and my existence is classified
but i can't do this alone i need someone
who could think outside the box
that's why you're here i chose you you
got a picture of him
i'm not even having this confidence hey
it's fair game rookie
she's a hottie congratulations thank you
hey my gummy bear
oh my gummy bear
please tell me what you know in front of
him you can trust him
these are your informants listen i'm a
combat soldier but i feel more than you
think
i can't do this with eyes on me they put
your tracker on your back sometimes you
got to get dirty to see any real change
welcome to the war kid
i'm scared for myself
this seems a bit beyond protocol for
whatever you are
i need you to trust me harp
what would you do with so much power
we can be good allies in extreme
situations
i have the ability to break the rules
just like you
that's going on heart did i remove this
fell safe
you did what if your war machine turns
against you
why should i care how long do you think
you'll survive out here on your own
what are you using me for
do you trust me
[Music]
so how'd you start being a dumb yeah
when i was little
i would always choose like the weakest
boy in the class
like the one that got picked on the most
and i would
request play dates with him and i would
just torture him
do me a favor okay think of every person
you know
[Music]
think of your friends yes your lovers
you're so tense all the people you
interact with on social media
[Music]
are you thinking uh-huh
you use these people or they
use you open your mouth repeat after me
you feel the burning don't you
what do you say thank you would you love
to know what i'm thinking about right
now
what are you thinking can you tell me
that you should tip me
i saw a girl and she looks exactly like
you i bet she wasn't as high as me he
looked exactly like you
babe what's the deal with this jack guy
he's clearly crazy for you
what do you want to show me who is it
behind
every single interaction that you'll
have what was that
is one maybe two thoughts what can i get
out of this or
what is it that you're gonna do for me
that brought from san francisco the cam
girl i just saw coming around the corner
wait what you know how people
say you make me a better person
i feel like i finally get what that
means now
am i your favorite kim crum my god
you're my favorite girl period
[Music]
[Laughter]
um
[Music]
the sickness hangs over the city like
putrid fog
bodies are piled high in the narrow
streets
it's as if the day of judgment has
finally arrived
i'll give you some advice leave tone
while you can i saw her the other day
she was acting bloody peculiar there's
only one thing that can explain it
she made a pact with the devil
no where to run which
[Music]
what's to happen to me they'll try to
break you
like they did to the rest of us
fear not my child salvation is at hand
there's something wicked at work in that
place
[Music]
just the devil insider
my will is greater than yours
nobody's safe
you